 according to a 88 four-year statistics, the british, eight3 men, who had to pay tax, have to pay tax.
 it would be necessary if the convention be incorporated into national legislation or into the national legal code, which would enable the article to be implemented.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was stagnated.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the candidates would be included in the recruitment register after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the phase requires the setting of grades as a basis for remuneration.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price of these scenes may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the shopping market and street market stalls in the shopping market is the highest in 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult project, because the assumption that is based on the assumption that there may be a significant change in the year.
 it is important to take into account the intention of the country, not in the form of an instrument.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay long after he was going to stay.
 in some cases, we believe that such action would not be such as a process of consultation and transparency in the past from the outset.
 this will help to understand the complexity of the problems dealt with by the court.
 the namibian family family association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the powers of the international treaty to establish the powers of international treaties, therefore, legally and in fact it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach the law should be aware of the fact that the international community is the united nations to decide and the united nations.
 parents cannot go away from hand, and the responsibility of their responsibilities is fully pushed to schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, two systems have been implemented, and the people of hong kong enjoy the fruits of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, on behalf of the group of 21, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must avoid competition with private property market and maintain the difference in sales.
 we explore a thorough analysis of the strengthening of the united nations, which should be guided by a thorough analysis of the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the chief executive is elected by an election committee of the 8.
 if a person is using electric power, he must be given at least appropriate attention to prevent the use of the device.
 it also established an international e-business network in the country, and the 1 for the 1 time in october 1998.
 the growth rate of gdp in 1996 was revised by 4.0<unk> in 1996 to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to china for the first time to visit china, he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile strongly protests the strongest protest by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as a result of the reasons referred to in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the transport of military volunteers is not compensable.
 the decision of such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional group.
 the long-standing problems in the economic and medium-and long-term problems, as well as the governments of the republic of belarus and the governments of the republic of belarus to the organization.
 member of the panel of experts on a transitional basis between india and the united states in the world trade organization.
 the professor of warmth and grandchildren, mrs. surich, who decided to go to the chinese culture, has been selected.
 however, the committee pointed out that the country's services were not without benefit.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the building education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of internet users is required to register with the banks.
 mr tsang also expressed his gratitude to the department of marine department, and other interested parties, mr tsang said.
 good, let's continue to look for other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for political access to some of these groups.
 the 8 tropical cyclone warning will be restored to normal.
 this is regrettable, in part, that the draft prepared for the conference was not incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian, french and spanish, this year.
 transactions in hong kong and local trades were carried out by 16<unk> and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local non-financing clients.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singles singletons in areas where they are in areas.
 it is essential that the pursuit of results is to be sought, and this is the possibility of multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there was a feeling of concern to the concerns of the donor community in the region.
 the prosecutor has already made a appeal against the public, so the chamber may leave his leave to france.
 the trend towards the economic and social stability of these countries has caused us deep concern to these countries.
 one week, seven days.
 our socialist countries have entered the world through the united nations and, through the united nations, between the north and east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role to enable the development of information and communication ict to the development of developing countries.
 " it's not possible to know, " if we don't know anything about the sword. "
 (15) an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 officials of china's ministry of agriculture, china's ministry of agriculture, said that the measures to combat avian flu in high-technology control.
 chile was agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force would be in a position to prevent the risk of a violent conflict.
 at this critical juncture, however, it is necessary to oppose the coalition of terror must clearly recognize and recognize their enemy.
 i am very hopeful that the administration can make a dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker representative, for the african group, praised the efforts made by unifem for response to the evaluation.
 the chinese government intends to start the final plan next year for the establishment of 13 coal bases throughout the country.
 at the end of the last year's eve, the ancient town has been on the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the institution.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government of the state concerned or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the public interest in respect of social and socio-economic aspects of the public are widely enriched.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states have indicated that they had to increase the permanent membership of the council as well as very non-permanent members.
 customers may be released in six months after the issue of the special stamps on the issue of special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph w wong, visited the secretary's deputy secretary, mr joseph lai, and other bureau officials.
 in 1971, he began with her husband's vision, which was founded in the community.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of voters and electoral activities which may have the impact of the judges.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific deplored the resumption of the nuclear tests in the pacific in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers pushed out the home, in many cases, even more residents.
 these actions could be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to be belgium to contact the relevant persons in the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the preservation and implementation of the concept of the right to self-determination, national security and the maintenance of peace.
 such searches are conducive to the identification of genuine responsibilities in the context of damage to space.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen, ahmed ahmed ( pakistani).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building processes to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 palestinian people and dwellings have been damaged and israeli troops were stopped.
 the structure of the language is even more sophisticated and simple.
 this sustained high prices, not only the nervous nervous nerves of the public, but also caused high priority to the government and experts.
 when he doesn't talk, he may need to be put to a halt.
 for those scholars who have a professional understanding of the political studies, we do not have to hear.
 as the saying goes, " we have to do so. "
 it is expected that the large majority of the national party is expected to be speeded up in the new millennium.
 during the days of the temple, the crowds of the temple, such as lanterns, were resurfaced.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism industry is optimistic.
 the most common aspect of the existence of the functional character is the navigation and passage of the territorial zone through the territorial and territorial waters.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to refer to such deceptions, if any doubts, please report to the police as soon as possible.
 chen was officially elected as director-general of the world organization on november 9.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, it is provided for the implementation of the national law on extradition.
 in the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948, a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the broad protection of human rights in the constitution of slovenia, and in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on the other hand, there was no black jack in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus becoming a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the threshold of a history of history, and the process has been in a very uncertain situation, and in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government's government published online, the number of brows through the home affairs bureau's homepage has increased from 66 to november.
 this situation has not occurred in the previous case or in the case.
 the state party may wish to deal with the problems in the near future.
 the results of the committee's work of the nuclear number must depend on the competence of its members and by the commission.
 the letter of authorization must be confirmed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we want to seek " quality " does not mean that we do not think it is not important.
 the national community generally felt that the international community had no action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the demands of users is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructure.
 therefore, the government's 1 step in promoting the two exchanges and clearing of the two exchanges and co-operation between the two exchanges and cross-border alliances.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist the implementation confidence-building measures adopted by the three ministers in september and october.
 the maximum penalty and the maximum limits of criminals, or bombs, casting a crime, and the maximum limits of the death penalty have increased.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a genuine gun.
 at the time of analysis, the waiting time for care and care care care is generally available.
 this is one of the main reasons for the increase in hiv transmission.
 as a result of the modern-technology system, it was taken to control the city's urban disaster.
 this would be possible to ensure the coexistence of peace and harmony, and to promote different national and cultural development in the world.
 on the price of food prices, i do not know what the business of the business sector can do.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production films, which will also enable hong kong to participate in the latter part of asia. "
 i would like to understand that all of us will be understandable, and the sense of pride in us is the membership of the united nations.
 in the case of good health, symptoms are relatively minor.
 coordination is also appropriate for the work of the united nations agencies in cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies.
 in the face of modern products in the market, parents are much more suitable for a better personal situation.
 if the more double-digit figures are heavy, the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnameses and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been working well in the new system.
 at the same time, it is essential to maintain the moratorium on nuclear testing before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that there is a travel and free freedom of hong kong residents.
 it was also considered that this could form a precedent for all types of vessels which are required to be adopted.
 right.
 since the government has been aware, the government has listened to legal advice, but will never have legal advice to legal advice.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese enterprises listed in hong kong were listed in hong kong through a total of about $ 700000 in hong kong.
 to date, more than 30 tons of aid items have been transported to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the commission for introducing globalization and new technologies to implement the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap in the working life of the working life.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to maintain trade with egypt prior to the opening of the border.
 madam president, the procession of assembly, in fact, is not the right of a group of people, but not too often.
 the delay will be affected by the delay.
 recently, the private sector and the foundations of the private sector have increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> "
 i am very excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of which is the israelis, and another is the population.
 as time limits are available, i have not been able to make all the services.
 in the light of the political development of the british recently, it does not seem to help hong kong an early solution to this problem.
 the model segment includes the development of a model of three pessians in the persian gulf, and the model oil drifting model.
 9 percentage points of this growth were from currency exchange rates.
 typically illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where the control of arms and export.
 switzerland will not tolerate any of the financial systems of the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the vacancies are available for a diploma or degree of graduate graduates, with a monthly salary of $ 8 to $ 166.
 details of the total value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital capital commission ".
 it is hoped that in the near future, the croatian state television broadcasts in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement to the official activities of the commonwealth official activities.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are being put into place and the outlook is at risk.
 because mr leung has more time than the honourable leung wai-cheung has more time. therefore, i would like to make my support.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american culture association believes that the non-combatants were the minority minority in argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we have planned to conduct a survey on employers ' performance of the university graduates.
 it is clear that the chinese side is not clear about the fact that hong kong officials are in hong kong as an excuse for the mainland.
 the college of commissioners held a 5 plenary meeting on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes those parties (that is, the signor, relying on party and certification services) in the model law.
 as a result, the level of capacity in the implementation of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar is enthusiastically supported by the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan africa region of sub-saharan africa is only a phone phone.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and the bodies.
 the israeli authorities also closed the border crossings between the gaza strip and egypt, each closed for several days each time.
 as a result of the speedy speed of speed, more rapid programmes have been invested, and all sectors are therefore benefited.
 there are all other things such as chao man-yen, who has been used as chao man-yen, who has been used by li man-wai.
 3. 2. the 2 is the ability to attract knowledge, technical and skill-building expertise.
 what she wanted to do things can be done, such as listening to radio, television, writing, writes, singing, singing, singing and piano and piano.
 it is indeed very difficult to talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan. indeed, it is indeed very difficult to look at them.
 it would be possible to calculate the costs of a higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing, the secretary for housing, i have talked about the fact that this is no relationship with the reconstruction area.
 an expert group was entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage consultants to open, transparent and transparent manner.
 i do not see my eyes, but i often hear such reports.
 (a) interested companies who are interested in renting the cyberport office must apply for formal application applications.
 in the movies of the movies, the young people's thready. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that some four years could be reached.
 it is difficult to do so.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, and 1<unk>3 of the management positions.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase price.
 the association of independent human rights associations in the region should be channelled with the human rights commission on human rights.
 if 159 member states in the joint sponsor of the draft, a record will be created: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 recently, the sfc has recently promised to report on the status of hong kong's financial centres in this year.
 the meeting considered that the mandate of the elections is the prerogative of the general assembly, rather than the prerogative of the security council.
 tourists can also go back to the scene, and this is a few days in the modern civilization.
 we have set a big goal for hong kong to develop hong kong as a regional city in asia.
 in the event of the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam lam, and the management of the fund management committee to distribute each $ 80 per copy of the senior citizens.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to enhance the use of " juvenile police " for their consent.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that he was in fact broken.
 shanghai jungng's international trade import and export company, zhejiang province of zhejiang province is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping company is making a good commercial decision on the mainland's ships.
 helping the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace in the country after the eight years of civil war.
 it was said that history is a repeat.
 the national development framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the employment bureau's terms of reference to all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will not be valid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had been very active in its responsibilities since the mission became members of the committee.
 it is proud of israel to share with the world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of the information services department, mr choi choi, will take place on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers took up the gods of fresh flowers, and then left the audience.
 the situation of the united nations society is most worrying.
 as a result, the hospital has been taken to hospital. dr tsang said that the child has already been infected with minors.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the ch'ai's <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that the ethiopian ethiopia no longer wars war.
 a 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not allow them to leave them after the past.
 members should not forget that all these are public money and is not a waste of waste.
 on the contrary, the degree of universities in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 recently, i have recently been present to attend the inhabitants of the population.
 a copy of these written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to the other party or by the person.
 " james soong said that james soong arrived at the 1 station at the 5 station on may 5 in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee further notes that the mission provided additional information during the consideration of the report and the mission.
 a major train explosion occurred in the north korean station on the 22.
 the special rapporteur's activities include a broad picture of the situation to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 it is my view that there are no more way to make use of the people of the people of hong kong.
 however, international human beings are also related to other areas, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a member of the community, but i often hear religions.
 therefore, in the past, only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government in the past.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council, " he said.
 okay, thank you zhenhai, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implemented some of its provisions in respect of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons fell to 193.30000, and it was also the first time for the first time to reach 200000 people.
 in 2004, the united states import and export bank has provided funds to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 two informal meetings will be held on thursday, 5 june and june 6.
 at the present time, the government is now considering a law enforcement action on pollution of the old boat factory.
 the proposal for the operation of 36 posts, 18 posts were paid by the support account and 18 posts were paid by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he raised the 3 path of the " 3 road " of chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> swords.
 in addition, the transport department has made an increase in the number of bus sorties on the spots by the transport department to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only is written in the constitution but also written in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the seriousness of the external debt of the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that in the morning, the meeting was 2 105 rooms in the us congress, at 305 rooms.
 the records shall be required for 3 years after the final date of the record.
 as a result, china has reduced the number of 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok, bangkok, was prepared to cross the year before the wto centre.
 we fully support the statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis are scheduled to look at the carpark and pick-up in the carpark road near tai ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states and sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to streamline manpower because of the slackening of economic growth and the prospects for business prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such penalties are applied only to persons who are not citizens of the czech republic and have not received refugee status.
 it's a very serious matter for me to go to the child, and i am very serious.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of the people of the people also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender differences and inequalities affecting the risk of risks affecting the risk of risk.
 according to a conservative estimate of the biomass and environmental protection bureau, the potential of these technology applications could reach a billion of us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (blab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is to be particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the financial surplus of the east asia region has always been accelerating the financial surplus, " he added.
 the swd has contacted the family, providing counselling counselling.
 the maximum cost of accommodation for the state is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbated the strategy for the post-cold-war era.
 there are some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 the resources have been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether they are to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of the police recruitment, pay-offs, training and management of the prison staff are equally applicable to prison guards.
 " the inspection also found that the bridge is to be sufficient to cater for transport, utility facilities and other annexes. "
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage have been included or was reflected in some of the international conventions.
 after the building, the ministry of the home affairs department has separated home offices and the house.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong will always be a sunny of sunshine, and the air is a new and prosperous and prosperous city.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main cause of economic development.
 we therefore stress the importance of the nuclear powers to the conclusion of a comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers of the united states have maintained only a high-level ratio of 20 users.
 since the opening-up and opening-up, small and medium-sized enterprises throughout the country have made significant contributions to the common wealth, social stability goals.
 in my country as a climate of warm warm and  60 cent, it will be long for three years.
 i hope that, in the course of the meeting today, the secretary-general can enjoy the appearance of this general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision will be allowed to renounce the guardian of the guardian after re-appointment.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to be implemented by the citizens of the region of the countries of the region.
 it's hard to get a friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the work of workers, employment and non-profit-making problems have been plagued for some time.
 " even if it enters into taiwan, they should not abandon the " live play ".
 otherwise the draft articles will lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the average inflation rate last year has increased significantly.
 that is to say, we will no longer be allowed to take advantage of the right of drugs and antibiotics in hong kong.
 the average age of these greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the economic experts of the company's economic experts also made the same predictions on weekends.
 the project could also allow more public knowledge of cultural diversity and to maintain its interest in this regard.
 in view of the large number of persons concerned, the government is considering whether there is a need for an increase in loans.
 the seizure of the total assets was carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure and was chaired by the judges.
 from this, we can see that the students ' back back to their backbooks is the only way he has done.
 medical supplies for the agency's primary health facilities are based on basic medical supplies in the form of a standard drug ( medical supplies).
 the landing scheme is not just a redistribution of land.
 based on this subject, the conference attempted to remind people that one of the 20 minutes or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 later, when the departure from the neighbouring islands, there were some crafts and crafts that can be purchased.
 motorists are advised to instruct and observe the command of police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion was somewhat surprising that since the legal adviser had been subjected to an uninterrupted act with respect to defence counsellor.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the material or individual scope of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of amputation has left their lives, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries declined simultaneously.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will be expected to start the journey for lifelong learning.
 he was said to have disappeared after his father's written complaint, and the officials of the ministry of interior said he had reportedly visited his home.
 a 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of employment opportunities for low-skilled workers is the low-level services sector.
 the project indicates that the current policy-based funding approach, based on previous policy experience that focuses on credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said that it was the " youth charter ".
 the three men were suspected to be deceived by the woman.
 they shall open up a gradual and gradual market in terms of monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united kingdom and the united kingdom for war.
 real development concepts should contain full respect for all universal universal recognition of human rights.
 the state practice indicates that the length of the duration of the right of option is considerable.
 the islamic state of afghanistan earnestly looked forward to the security council for its consideration of the agenda of its consideration, which could also be re-examined.
 a large number of countries have achieved a considerable reduction in the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused setbacks.
 as a result, the state of some funds had not been denied funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring states in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving the goals of multi-generationalities, together with a view to achieving the goal.
 failing company found that development, manufacturing and marketing are used as well as a well-known consumer of the world.
 the veterinaryists also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analysed the findings of a large number of missions, verifying the rate of self-sufficient rates.
 if the floods of the new territories north of the new territories, it must be implemented to implement the shenzhen river.
 capitalisms without legal and moralism have often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen chao-chih's 1 piece of work in the king's work, and chen chao-yung gave him a series of job-seekers.
 the one-way link between the west and the mainland will be shortened by about 40 minutes.
 the report of the report is that the pictures of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories are no longer available.
 <unk> do not bring large quantities of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were killed and 38 individuals were killed.
 the working group and the international human rights service, a minority rights group, held a seminar on these issues in 1997.
 28 police officers raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po, in sham shui po immigration bureau.
 the contracting authority, therefore, would be best to consider controlling the changes that may need to be taken.
 the development of developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in economic restructuring, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were allegedly killed by armed elements in the face of the police.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, a person convicted of terrorist activities, under the existing legislation, will be responsible for legislation.
 mr president, after the closing of next year, there will be a solution to the problem of decrepancy.
 over the 1990s, over 200 million children have left permanent disability or wounded in armed conflict.
 this is a great help, " he said.
 essentially, this is a tangible commitment on the part of the government in the north-west.
 the department will issue a warning letter to the department's satisfaction if they fail to make improvements or results.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 furthermore, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world's most and most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 688000000 after the construction of the kinmen construction company.
 i have checked hong kong legislation and refer to 382 times in the basic law.
 3, practical cooperation in the area of non-traditional security.
 between june and august this year and july this year, most of the major industries and underemployed persons are stable.
 i believe that this is not an easy one, but if a quota system will enable people with disabilities to be absorbed.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiations on the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factory and industrial operation " (cap. noise) regulation, will be effective and implemented effectively.
 the letter does not do nothing to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-generals report contains the correct framework that the united nations is in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in poverty is growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry, " he added.
 the state party submits that the same word should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict was a dispute between the padics in the area in the area with crops in crop farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the development of community facilities for the future development of fire services and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but can only be transferred from liberia.
 the details of the details of the study should also be made to enhance the skills of language skills.
 chen mei-chieh, who sits in the deck of the deck of the denominating winds and time, confrontations and discrepancies, in the wake of the mercy of the situation.
 in fact, in the case of the jurisdiction of the garrison law, the proposed practice of the draft garrison law is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not to be encouraged.
 the chairman of the joint conference, the chairman of the joint conference, said that discussions were very useful and will take follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also prepare for the review of the review of the district boards in 2003.
 a vehicle in the secretariat of the 1 avenue, which is located at 1 avenue, is limited to a vehicle of permanent representatives of the permanent representative.
 when the villagers are facing the village, the villagers were to be found in three years.
 the institute of agrarian reform institute, which was established as an execution of land transfer plans, was established as a result of the peace agreement.
 the advisory committee is not opposed to the information provided by the advisory committee.
 anyone who has information on the girl's relatives are urged to contact the girl's relatives at 2398 6293.
 in 1997, the institute had designated official issuance of certificates in order to implement improved quality and improving productivity programmes.
 this morning we are not quite small, and i would like to focus on two issues.
 to this end, emphasis has been given to education and to increase inputs to education as a necessary means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it also affirms the command of the command of the armed forces.
 the field assets control system was a series of audits aimed at the accounting liability of the united nations, namely, at the end of procurement.
 it's impossible.
 for security reasons, and for the sake of protecting the environment, these substances are essential for the sake of protecting the environment, without radioactive, non-signitable gas and no chemicals.
 in the 14 century, the offence of treason has emerged in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat posed by the destruction of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in many people.
 the village has seen all of them scared.
 armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the right to non-discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of pluralism.
 the procedure for the commission is confidential, relevant rules, any documents or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, with the gradual recovery in economic recovery, it is believed that hong kong will pick up in the future.
 the so-called choice is the contract for the choice of a contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the middle of the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to refund.
 at that time, governor patten is in the process of preparing the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for asianet daily summary-press releases, november 16, 2001.
 however, it might be disappointed that only one accused had been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the court must be coordinated with the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, is always sad, and that sadness beyond national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000, including $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a change in the world economy.
 these guidelines are set out in the buildings department's website and are distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of the view that the level of technology in the field of science and technology, which was considered to be known as technology.
 although the member states have requested to strengthen the field, its progress is being hampered by resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, one car bombed a car bomb in the vicinity of the city of mahayyah in the town centre.
 security guards at the session, as well as personal interviews, will obtain special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest map and access to new access to new access has been prompted to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme is a 15000000 citizen service, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies have carried out mine-action activities.
 the cambodian royal government provides legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in the country and to protect human rights.
 as a result, the housing department has once again come to the housing department to look at the housing department for some time.
 drop-out rates in secondary school girls are still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities, and males remain.
 the anti-bian and guarding bian-bian's two-year-old man and bian-bian will have a frequent outbreak of the conflict.
 there is no difficulty in establishing and access to such private schools.
 unexpectedly, it has changed her decision.
 the transport department's warning letters will be received by the transport department.
 it's always in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environmental capital co-operation agency; senior advisers of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investing in the souls, do business.
 in addition, consideration should also be given to the spread of the international regime over the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some things could not be said.
 it has been proposed for the cancellation of sugar quotas in cuba.
 however, from the longer term, the government still intends to recruit the suitable suitable candidates.
 the 3 children have been released, but the next day must also be required to report.
 mr tam was speaking on the modernization of the law of the hksar.
 the more voters are voted to vote, the more and more representative of the legislative council.
 one distance of a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic ballistic missiles can be reached around 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, if he is not enough, they will be able to get a rest, and i believe it will be more than a few.
 it is very obvious that such an approach is administratively high.
 in december 1963, an armed attack on the turkish cypriot movement was a sporting movement against the turkish cypriot movement.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that other models should also include models.
 we are liaising the canadian authorities to understand the details of the court hearing. "
 the delegation of china expressed appreciation for the positive contributions made by the delegation of china for the work of the subject.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the elimination of marriages, she asked whether a study had been made to identify the causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is even worse than that of one year.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the commission and the special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the importance of improving and access to information has been encouraged to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that this was the result of external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this has been the self-restraint and constant efforts of each of our colleagues in the past and in the past. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improvement of children, parents are paid to a certain cost.
 however, further efforts would need to be made in order to make more widely disseminated information on the part of the states concerned.
 those criminal acts cannot be allowed to be allowed to be implemented, aiding, or other means to support these criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, a taxi travelling taxi was located in sha tin and saw a security guard on the two burglary.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 in the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of his actual contact or contact with the customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in the territory shall be protected with the same protection as to haiti.
 the members of the member states of the states members of the european union have been able to make it clear on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has been anger in a press conference to take a press conference to take a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region remains weakened by the weakening of japan.
 on behalf of the people of others, they are not used to save themselves.
 in the light of the grievances, lin's negligence will be set up in a wooden boards.
 in the near future last year, there will be no breakthrough in the fishing industry.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory functions in accordance with the supervision of the sfc by the sfc.
 the return of star dust is the first time for the first time.
 we want to see the real universality of the university of peace and to bear the truly global mission.
 the population estimate is an important parameters for projections and projections, with regard to the planning and research of private and commercial sectors.
 more than a few years ago, the friend invited to attend the chinese new year evening evening evening.
 the united states government recognized that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy immunity from diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is that it would be paid for payment of an instrument of mandatory adjudication.
 in the competition, students had to cope with the problem of accidents, such as power cuts, blackborne attacks, equipment interruption, equipment and passers.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement proposals.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 in the bill, there is no special reference to the use of sub-contractors to concentrate on loan and one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the name of the chinese people will avoid the names of their names.
 the staff of the department of health (dh) have provided health education to their families and to be disinfected to his home.
 i am also very much concerned about the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also proposed that the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur should be taken at the initiative of the special rapporteur.
 when we focused on the need to take the necessary action, we refuse to turn the floor to a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of palestine in the middle east issue.
 if members of the council agree that, i should do so.
 these include the threat of a threat to the concept of sovereignty, which has always been the impetus to technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be made from the development efforts of the international community.
 a number of local emergency of the lima state of lima is renewed on 15 december.
 several days after the taliban occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles makes them very suitable for a threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to be used as an application for the use of the standard software products as the application for the application.
 in addition, there are 106 in private care centres in 157.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front line has no significant change.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a wide-ranging game to test them.
 however, some immediate dangers will be taken by the relevant departments concerned.
 the commission would be able to draw a new image of the images of new images and the latest images in the commissions database (approximately 15000).
 the estimated 10 per cent vacancy rate for local employment is presented.
 to reduce the use of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxides from coal to natural gas.
 the works will start next year for completion in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, there are more than 100 or more employed persons with more than 50 or more employed persons.
 under section 23 of the swedish penal code, penalties for reserve or complicity are lower than the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of the non-self-governing territories to east timor from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): the kingsan kingsan king hasan ii hasan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to mention two particular concerns of spain.
 there will be no way after the vehicle, which is unauthorised.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) have inadequate capacity to use it.
 8 days later, the u.s.a., usa.
 more than 20 pots of african carlands will be displayed at the hong kong parks in the hong kong park from 13 to 16, 1999.
 the survey will provide a provision of reliable and updated information on the entire territory of the territory, particularly in poverty.
 one of the hot points of attention is to be launched by sony nini companies this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation to abolish the death penalty is a major trend in respect for human rights.
 it is also known that the mortal and other illnesses are very effective.
 the 15 catholics and international charities, and many staff members of the humanitarian community, were said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to give more investigative powers and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speech jointly organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 to take into account the interests of each other, the international community can work together.
 the ministry of finance has submitted a response to the procedural order on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary objective of the government, " he said.
 the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said that the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said.
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal framework in the proposal could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it has to begin to collect data on its stockpile and production records of its stockpiling and production.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables were obtained from various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people were used as " vested interests " and so on.
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but it will, in principle, oppose the tax departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed with all areas of the region.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces have also taken over the southern part of the country and continue to be in the south-east of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to be able to provide assistance to the target of the labour problem.
 they were adopted by the german turbulating trains, with a price of $ 8000000000.
 the court received an embroidery from the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such work will continue to be assigned to the division, and it is necessary to consider and ratify the specific circumstances.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island to take special traffic arrangements in hong kong on january 6.
 the private universities have also given relief fees in accordance with the economic situation of students.
 improving our relationship between us and egypt, as well as to restore multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achievement of the common objectives of our region.
 he was very strong, he was very strong, and he was very strong, and he had to seize his heart.
 a number of police officers will be subject to a summary of the perpetrators.
 although the results indicated that those dyney were unwell to medicines, then the quality of medicine was being sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel continues to open the tunnel under the western wall of the al-qua al-sasa mosque.
 in fact, following this year's spring festival holidays, the tourism industry has not received any complaint from tourists.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciated adjustments to reflect the latter into service.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, it can be said that we should not be complacent.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along the road along sha tau kok road along tai kok street.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still being defended today, saying that they did not have ".
 governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in terms of their respective roles and mission, the institutions are not fair and inappropriate. "
 i believe not only the impact of today's will also affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment has been exhausted.
 " our immunization system is just like the army, which can be attributed to an external invasion.
 indifference to citizens and voters is very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the groundwater in the gaza strip and caused salt water to the east.
 i believe that, in this week, we have gathered here this week to demonstrate our resolve to the international health of the international community.
 i should also like to express our gratitude to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation to the secretary-general for its consideration of the report today.
 we need to meet this international responsibility, " he said.
 for its part, argentina, for its part, has been able to rebuild democracy after decades of political instability.
 at the western gate of the west, it's a lot of legends.
 it is very important to say that this is an important one.
 it is a major part of the united nations involvement in the oceans work.
 in the history of history, there are no other children.
 " the " peaceful flame " as a whole, and the hearts of the whole continent are bright, " he said.
 as the new adviser of the newly-based advisory committee, i would be able to build up a good ground for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of being punishable by the entire international community.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia have been seized in recent years, and 913 kg were seized in 2000.
 in that connection, pakistani supports mexico's proposal and would be grateful to the united nations body to consider carefully the budget of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (pac) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then, when he was taken away by a police car, he was taken away by a police car.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in the context of more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to define the user's user and to assess the results of its work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is more than my short, but i would now like to speak more than him.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to other international forums dealing with anti-terrorism issues.
 the court of appeal of the united states has overthrown the decision of the court of appeal in the united states.
 with regard to this point, the displaced persons in the southern part of equatia have been displaced by 150000 displaced persons in the northern part of katanga province.
 as a result of the warring wars and air strikes in kabul, some international groups had to be left city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses, " he said.
 at best, i can only say that the government is just a good thing.
 the current operating budget is a total of $ 40 per year.
 another 10 per cent of non-us$ 10 per cent of non-us dollar value shall be set up on 31 december to cover the floating exchange rate.
 the premier points and mrs. unanimous.
 the ministerial conference of world trade will be held in seattle, and can be a forum that is suitable for a forum.
 according to the 1 question, the ccp recommended that the language of primary and secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups should be achieved.
 as a result, it would be unwise to make a more rich and more richer language in order to achieve the so-called consistency.
 regular receives and 7-6-minute photographs were given regular and 7-minute photographs.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february 24, 2000.
 the hkpa is basically in favour of the content of these two ordinances.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased in ecuador to increase the growth of 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 recently, the recent example is to construct a penny cave court in the shaking court, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong survey institute of surveyors, mr andrew wong, will address the workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in june 15, have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been reported at all levels of the israeli ministry of foreign affairs at all levels.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to gather information on anti-terrorist activities in the area of east asia.
 she also wished to know what the information provided by the non-governmental organizations and the commission on how to use such information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i will represent the motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the strengthening of representatives from the field, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 where international treaties have been signed, legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 it is important to resolve these realities to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least among them, are able to return to their homes.
 there should be no change in the list of states, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also included in the construction industry, and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, a number of limitations were made to the costs of payment of lawyers and expenses.
 this is the exception of an exception to the duration of the duration of the duration, which must not be detained for too long as a punishment.
 and on weekends, classes are crowded by the local crowds.
 if the banks do not want to take place, it is the government directive banks to deal with its business.
 programme enquiries can be made at 2461119; reservation seat: 2734 9009.
 as a result, the taiwan strait can study the study.
 the " georgian penal code " is detailed statements in the seizure of assets ( bank accounts).
 " we also believe that there is a need to extend to training and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sadest dictatorship in this continent.
 we do not agree in favour of a pressure on the process of solving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why, i would like to say that you will join you, not allowed to join you.
 he was released in the indian army for further detention.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, articles 13 to 18 should be considered in the light of the international institutions that have been under specific scope.
 1970-1975 counsellor, embassy of the soviet union in italy.
 a code of ethics which should be binding on the law of conflict in conflict should be established.
 preconditions should be that the provision should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of flats will not be available for sale in all the above two places.
 in the same period, there were 52300 births in hong kong, compared with 36000 deaths.
 however, as a matter of this issue, i have been able to deal with this issue because it reflects the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, some leaders of the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention of families, social and government care and care.
 it was reported that the food contaminated food had been exported in other parts of the area, and then as a clean food re-entry.
 with regard to the choice of children's names, the government of luxembourg presented reservations to the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agree with the need to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should be carefully discussed with the industry and to hear their views.
 i would also like to think about the death of the victims, i would also like to reach thousands of victims over the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talk about women's chinese editions of all copyrights.
 the overall programme focuses on helping girls and women to raise their self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that management and palau was determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 28, 1928 in july 1928, the secretary of the communist secretary of the communist party of the chinese communist party was a revolutionary riots.
 in the promotion of co-operation, the farmer and the farmer, which is indirect, is indirect to the development of the fishing industry.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding for these arrangements, but has not been received.
 against this background, the committee has endeavoured to understand all the hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the people have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the unencumbered balance has been the termination of the expansion programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinians.
 scientific research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all the permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 the number of 40 enterprises in the service industry received a loan of $ 216000 in the reporting period, creating or saved 79 work.
 during the beginning of june, members of the council participated in a further response to the nuclear tests conducted in may and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade the friends of hong kong to understand their own inadequate and honesty demands.
 in the wake of a few months, the storm has affected hong kong, which has been a very painful adjustment.
 ah, i have been closed yesterday.
 after protesting the assembly, some of the people were emotionally excited and the police were dispersed with high pressure water.
 the programme of work for trade points (see annex 4) was formulated only in recent years.
 i feel that the most important thing is to respect the civil service and allow them to sit in the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in pensions of pensions and the impact on women's impact on women than men.
 (iii) the office commander of the force commander: a reduction in the two local level posts was reduced by the office of the office.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry of community development division and the family support division has undertaken advocacy activities, the national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful in the exhibition of the gizmondo global marketing vice president of the gizmondo global marketing vice president.
 the international community should be able to look at human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 in spite of some apparent difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy that is being implemented.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration on the joint declaration is also set out in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july to november, following 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society is clearly dependent upon the economic and social rights of the women.
 many of the discussion of the general assembly and the committee of the committee clearly reflects the urgent issue of the common concern of the whole of mankind.
 they must end their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's successes, " mr tung said.
 in the light of its position, the chinese side has put forward a reasonable solution.
 in the case of us$ 2000000000, only 12 us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index (cpi) accounted for the payment of the rent in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach will focus on whether they can return to the original guarantee.
 he argues that the preparatory work for beijing olympics was strong and well-known, and china will definitely succeed the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment in february of this year.
 the measurement of the economic measured model is that we will face us a general assessment.
 in 2000, the protection of maternity protection regulations in 2000 also prohibits women workers from eight to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities of paraguay have improved so that the rivers transit corridor is a major transport route for road transport.
 please see everyone.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be very important for us to do so as soon as possible.
 the importance of the general assembly is the importance of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population is far more fast than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in a fire at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives were being robbed on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology achievement.
 they are strict disciplined by their discipline and act as the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public opinion over the years, " the spokesman said.
 a police spokesman stressed that there is no cause for undue concern, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who are urged to contact investigating officers of the missing person who was missing by the missing person who was missing.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat would be interested in reviewing the timetable for the system-wide conference.
 the 74-year-old man, his heart, and every day, every day, every day, every day, all of the patients.
 this incident took place on the road between the side of the gushkaka.
 as a matter of fact, there are several times the total number of unemployed persons.
 the fact that a number of industrial governments have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to be suspended from the decision to begin.
 in this century, the millennium and the millennium have seen the achievement of mankind as a result of mankind's achievement.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment, i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is 95 per cent of the civilian population.
 <unk> 5 <unk> people will be known as the biotechnology revolution as the biotechnology revolution.
 i think it is important that the chinese government has promised to draft the basic law to study the accuracy of the provisions of the basic law.
 the violation of these rights may be brought to the competent court of justice.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this money provides for the growing demand for the food and medicine of the iraqi people, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 notes: chinese charities fund and chinese temples are set up shortly after the enactment of the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is understood that, in fact, it is difficult to distinguish between voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment.
 on the occasion of your speech, i was so written on the text of this letter.
 at the same time, the high rate of inflation has continued to be high, and it is estimated that the inflation year will be close to 10 per cent.
 mr wong also mentioned earlier that he took it a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i have also very much agree to the proposed reduction in a number of complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of recommendations will be drawn to the conclusions and recommendations of the committee.
 the management system is a complex project that will have a profound impact on the personnel of the united nations, budget and financial work.
 if they are still not enough to buy a joint venture with his friends, they can't buy a lot.
 in conjunction with relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like all my colleagues, to congratulate you as chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police could not be able to ensure security.
 the text of the text was to make a number of political choices and rights to the countries concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 upon receiving the report, the police officers mounted an investigation into the three rooms of the hong kong police on march 27.
 they must be accepted by a continuing professional training, whose registration <unk> authorization has been given to renewal.
 in late february, the education department will invite parents to take part in march of the central allocation process in march.
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 i would also like to say a little hesitating him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph have become more obvious.
 the minimum age of service will benefit from the group of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not repeating earlier arguments that i would like to give them a bit more in respect of the old age employees.
 in the absence of any other spokesperson, the chairman shall announce that the debate should be put to an end.
 he said, " you are very often able to reach the darkness of humanity's darkness.
 i think that the level of the ceiling should be left to the authorities in the future, and there is no need for a decision.
 the 2 sisters of the sisters were suffering from hunger, guarding the sheep and storms of the sheep and stormed.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of our community. "
 it will be able to lay a major step forward in the future.
 64. members of the community are now keen to endorse these freedoms through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york in new york, it will prevent them to enter the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow. "
 the united kingdom delegation believed that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital outflows in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties covers concerns about the multilateral covenant and the agreement, which also includes the subject of reservations.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is a genuine democratic state of the economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were reportedly seized 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will be tabled as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) managing private land titles is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has enabled the poor to become more vulnerable.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is a way to set up a half-way stay. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border co-organisation instruments are subject to customs statutes, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of the taxpayers and the individual income taxpayers will receive tax repayers in the next two weeks.
 however, we have to overcome the sorrow and thought that japan must do what it is necessary.
 in the sudan, the well-being of women and family affairs of the ministry of social welfare and the family affairs bureau is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee on coordination and organization of the administrative committee on coordination and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition was organized by the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 the differences in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and the legislature is the administration.
 even though there were no public transport on the day, most of the people's pedestrians have come to work.
 this year, after all this year, this year may be different.
 next, let us take a look back to the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members can also observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look forward, i would be very friendly with my deputy, i would like to make my speech.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes were not able to achieve their goals in the growth rate of gdp.
 right, a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a critical position, we must have the united nations to take a step in the course of development.
 in his budget in his budget, the financial secretary has referred to " the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing the repair works in public housing estates under the terrestrial public housing estates.
 after the deputy, applause, mr deputy, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " there is a downward trend in the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry.
 the croatian police have also been able to take out part of the areas where they were able to take part in the areas of control.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental problem ", mr cheung said the board had misunderstanding on the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the authorities will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you are consulting the views of the public, and it is not appropriate for them to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winding wind " and it would be possible to reduce civil servants pay.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington on the 10-day visit to washington.
 exports from developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 she had given a pair of shoes.
 even though there is a need for analysis of data and volumes, the content of the data contained in the annexed data is less.
 the report noted, however, that although there were food in the local market, the power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view, and it was suggested that the current rate of 2.7 per cent would be retained.
 the results achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be justified as soon as possible.
 the administration has been admitted to the ad hoc group to recognize the interests of the sovereign state of sovereignty.
 but at present, our economy has continued to grow, and the coff surpluses many countries in the country.
 that should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that the time frame for the commission was not established.
 over the years, a large number of documents have proved to be a price for the lives of the poor.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting nuclear explosions, except for nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they were unable to receive him because of the immediate delay.
 the whole could be much greater than that of its part.
 (b) the light of china's clp will be fully integrated into a public holiday on may 1, may this year.
 those who misrepresentation in the green paper is really an eight.
 in 1993, it became a member of the chinese appointments in china and became members of the institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at strengthening the capacity of the state to strengthen the capacity and infrastructure in the promotion of human rights and infrastructure.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 the present phase would lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be carefully used as the most powerful law.
 at present, science and technology are changing, with an unprecedented scale, and the world is accelerated towards multi-polarity.
 at the same time, the theme of the chinese and chinese paintings and the museum of the museum has also been followed.
 in the light of the spectacles, it's apprehension and apprehension.
 i spoke about the response to the sexual exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is that the angolan people can truly commit themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 chinese exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few indications in fiji.
 this kind of seminars are very tired, but everyone thinks that this was notted.
 the outside brazilian turtles, fusk's rodents and parrovas are the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subjected to discrimination on the basis of different equal pay, or to be subjected to slavery.
 (a) the economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country's economy, which can generally be used to developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has a female head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is the product of a new system of a new single system in other countries.
 recently, there have been some recent groups that have not been used to speak and oppose the 1988 direct elections in 1988.
 however, as a result of the economic revival of the people, east timor will require sustained resources for east timor.
 in the capital baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bomb, killing at least five people and 19 injured.
 in a few months, there was also a decrease in cases of human rights violations of human rights and other inappropriate acts or criminal acts.
 his election highlights his advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", the entire trade cannot survive.
 the 10 centimetres of each 10 centimetres will be subject to the thread, thread and 133 pairs of wire.
 the words " revoking ".
 at the same time, the department is also trained to deal with the hawker.
 in the case of non-competitive security, continued possession of the debtors in possession of assets should also be borne in custody and preserved.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular the mutual legal assistance, will come fruit.
 however, in terms of urgency, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 during the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also started to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely, the open private meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, it was not mentioned in the section viii section of the document.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs, which is that some of the things could not be achieved.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies have to be filled and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon of the afternoon.
 carparks adjacent to the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth rate of clients ' portfolios continued to grow steadily.
 many people have been able to enjoy their own shopping facilities, but don't pay a lot of money.
 in mid-july this year, lee kai-wai visited japan to attend the 8 world congress of the 8 world.
 the 3 least developed countries meeting will be held in brussels, from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the integrated development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit its report to the secretariat as soon as possible, with the details of these two units.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of a background document, including a background document.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> prnews <unk> pr <unk> pr <unk> pr <unk> prnews <unk> -- <unk> -- <unk> pr <unk> prnews <unk> --
 xiao qi's seventy is well-being, he was pleased with the satisfaction and love of her girl's friends.
 " the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management " in hong kong is a keynote address.
 if you want to ask you, so, we have to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the state of state-of-the-art radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial difficulties in economic difficulties, many small sums could be exchanged in a large amount of money.
 as to the content of the draft articles, it was suggested that the contents of the draft are too complex and the need to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we have to safeguard hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the percentage of the total allocation for the biennium 2002-2003 for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 for programme resources.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed to fulfil their commitments as soon as possible.
 this writer, of course, is not opposed to the employment of university students.
 at the age of more than 50 years of age, he found that there is a change of 180 degrees.
 by the israeli occupying forces, the israeli occupying forces also blown into a house after all houses in the village, and burnt another.
 those who have these symptoms should be advised to consult their doctors in order to provide a doctor to diagnose and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of or facilitating the use of children in the form of or any or any other forms of consideration.
 this is not a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year rate of increase in the value of the metal products industry increased further.
 equally important is a serious external debt problem in african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of those countries.
 after many hours of debates and years of thought, we are just like to get back to the first step.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14 topics of panels and its members are members of the working group, rather than national representatives.
 on the other hand, the expert unit has been provided with a more extensive tactic training.
 the whole project will be completed in autumn 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for south-south cooperation, and should be as complementary to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations was collapsed, and the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that there is a high quality textbooks in the school, the administration has set up chinese textbooks textbooks.
 another point is: " it's best to do business's business in the business of the banking industry, so long as the bombards are used.
 some of them were said to have been wounded.
 while his delegation appreciated the role played by unctad in this area, thematic discussion panels were only a number of interesting issues which have not provided solutions.
 the united nations military contingents will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, it is necessary to see trade, health and management, such as education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the hospital authority denied that the person had been transferred to the order, and no person who had no information on the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the unique interests of the funds, political parties should be subject to public funds and the cost of electoral campaign should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercise to the working group of the right to development.
 unexpectedly, sun yu-yun lived with numerous waves of waves.
 mr chan wing-sin, chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) held a report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for asia tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of history, the land in the new territories has only been controlled by collective officials.
 we welcome the partnership in these areas, " the spokesman added.
 if it is to be done to make it clear, " you don't want to tell you ". "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces acted in iraq's security forces in iraq seem to be an excuse for the authorities or the local people.
 please watch the next edition of the five series series of new zealand's series in new zealand's 4 cluster series.
 the draft provisions adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 111 (1998).
 15 during the experimental system, it was suggested that there was an impact on the impact of an impact on the district and preservation of the preservation.
 the state television broadcasts several programmes on this seminar, which would help to improve the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, it is not right to receive a pension.
 in general, this information will not be disclosed.
 he is well-manded and has always been working on the work of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to review the implementation of the ordinance under the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates in the scheme, " he said.
 since china recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing as well as the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, one of the academics in the mainland, the university of hong kong, and academics in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then he had to cut down his hands, and it also guarantees thousands of human security.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, and the importance of their attention to the provisional institutions of self-government.
 at the same time, it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 the " taipei city " signboard " signboards are now at the gate of the new paintings.
 the official said that the official who did not reveal the names of the name said: " it is entirely fabricated by the ritual and balich.
 born in new zealand, rice was born in new zealand, p.c. rice and the australian national university.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are engaged in their business.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, have now put up notices at the site sites near the proposed project sites.
 because the dpp is called a new dpp movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimant provided an export credit guarantee for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention is paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the health act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 nationals also quoted economic scholars in bangkok, saying: " no one knows how many costs are available. "
 the current festival is published in zhou enlai, the people of liaoning publishing publishing publishing.
 madam president, today's secretary michael suen is the " cooking cats ", and we don't have any trouble.
 in the darkness of the grey of the grey, i might say that some of the comparisons are more open.
 the annex contains the comments made in the annex to the present statute of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance, the audience's response to the members of the audience was very encouraging.
 i can also cite some examples, some complaints that some patients with chronic diseases are suffering from the hospital authority and have been unjustified.
 the approved amendments need to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, i all arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues were more sensitive to the gender census in 2001.
 she enjoys all citizens as a whole.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the plan to take part in a variety of activities, from prevention, prosecution and trafficking in victims.
 with regard to the obligations of the state party, the committee notes that, in some instances, reports would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters can be fired about 15000 small arms munitions.
 secondly, the rate of tension is lowered.
 we first act on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant admits that he was his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, there is no cash for the current peacekeeping reserve.
 my delegation is also very much appreciated by the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general, mr. otunnu and the special representative of the special representative this morning.
 the reduction in the attractiveness of the developing countries is likely to lead to financial instability in the developing countries.
 a joint international seminar was held with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged because of the transfer of a banking licence.
 this is mainly attributable to the existence or failure of a number of countries in the past 5 years or did not exist.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children children and orphans, and there is an increase in tribal conflicts.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed a general proposal to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police in dealing with complex operations.
 it is our assessment that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 young people account for 19 per cent of the population of africa, based on the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and india, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 one typical of the united states has to spend more than 1 000 hours in the entire life of the united states.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq has been disastrous.
 this is a topic that deserves the topic.
 the office of internal oversight services requested the ministry of disarmament to help bring the new political commitment to the new form of political will.
 the financial position of our financial position is better than britain's better than britain. therefore, there is absolutely no need to go down.
 laden's image was lasted by the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawarva, was in the end of 2004.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 in this connection, the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction programme (the working group) of mr tam.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government has no response on this matter. "
 on the day before the performance day, mr hu was a purview of the people's music of national music.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children are in need of care of the dominant position in society.
 there were casualties on the civilian population by bosnian serb forces on the civilian population.
 a spokesman for the department said that, during a two-week period of two-week period, the overall response rate was completed.
 the chickens were sent to the market before the delivery and blood test, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to guide these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been developed to ensure the needs of women prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 cruise of taiwan's 1 cruise is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is estimated to have affected china's north china and south china.
 this section reviewed the reasons why the right to food may be considered by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was splend into taiwan.
 the code of criminal law and criminal procedures has been amended to strengthen the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions, which have not been granted, will be able to promote compliance with the procedures for the empowerment of weapons.
 the government, together with the business community, has already started a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the budget budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, hong kong ballets in hong kong will be held at the hong kong ballets.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the activities, the director of home affairs department said, " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, on 30 may, a new fighting took place in the province of the taliban in abdull province with the taliban in the north-west.
 the number of computer systems in computer systems is also easy, and also triggered the number of major problems.
 the document will be included in a voluntary basis in the asean regional forum, stating that there are major developments in the security situation in the asean region.
 every day, soldiers said that the soldiers will be returned to the same day, and was pushed out.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system is the overall burden of the community, " he said.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle was being replaced from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda, and the use of these vehicles was not cost-effective.
 on the contrary, they often look at people's people, such as the enemy, and it is therefore unconscious.
 the railway system is an important part of hong kong's system of transport systems.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be sorry to be sorry.
 through this election, china is fully ensuring that hong kong is a working class.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to take advantage of this procedure, they did not take advantage of this procedure.
 as a result, the strategy of the strategy is not to follow the same path, but it is not possible for others to go to the new area. "
 as a result, the result will be issued in july.
 in the face of the 1940s, johnson's works have been over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill submitted to this council today has a great deal of doubt that the bill can be implemented within the transition period.
 after the arrival in los angeles, shafi is arrested on october 3, after los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future.
 the economy also relies on energy resources, especially natural gas production and processing.
 some experts indicated that the statistics indicated that the statistics had not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 as a result, we should choose different types of bricks in different parts of different regions.
 after the opening up of china's economy and opening-up, there was a long-term chaotic system.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkek groups have been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has also changed.
 " we will continue to advise young people who have a very bad impact on health. "
 some of the results are described as follows: apart from religions, studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's stalls will be completed for a total of $ 1020000 at $ 820000, compared with $ 825600.
 these provisions should be used by the chinese side to discuss with the chinese side.
 non-competitary items carried out by the other currencies are re-examined by the united nations operational exchange rate for the transaction.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is the fundamental means to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two years of service in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i know that the doctor of the doctor has also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " it is necessary to reflect the latest land use proposals for the north-eastern lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this is forced to stop in the phase.
 to that end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for a more than half a century, mankind has lived in the fear of a continuous nuclear danger.
 he said that as a result of these problems, a cabinet commission headed by the prime minister was established.
 in all cases, it will be necessary to wait for the period 2003-04 until the time of the 2003-03.
 there are no other groups such as the case.
 the conduct of behaviour is comparable to those of the common articles of the geneva conventions, which are serious breaches of the geneva conventions.
 2. a summary of the accounting policy for these financial statements is a summary of the financial statements.
 in the southern part of yunnan, there will be a heavy rain in some parts of guangxi.
 on behalf of the comoros and the people of the comoros, i should like to express their condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 in the case of undp, undp has not been able to contribute to the structure of the undp structure of undp.
 in 2000, the bureau was chaired by the presidency of the delegation of mali, as chairman, mali and ukraine as a vice-chairman.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development at the centre of its poverty, plans, policies and operational activities.
 at the present time, the vocational training council is held on average 70 examinations, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits fled, the victim entered the floor of the employer and to reveal the incident.
 the administration has announced today's day.
 for example, in the 3 phases of the pesticides have already been purchased, it was very late to keep up with the crop season in 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue and should continue to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been a decrease of 30 per cent.
